# DISCLOSURE

Today I had to wake up in an uncomfortable reality, and I started pondering why, and all of the sudden the thoughts started flowing. I need to describe one of the reality overlays that everyone has observed but no on seems to understand, and no real disclosure has actually happened. At least at this point in time that is widespread.

I think there are several reasons for this, and I will try to describe them here and might allow Claude to help me translate, but I am going to try to stay on the same frequency rather than alternate frequencies and cause a lot of confusion that has to be translated back to be understood.

This will be as straightforward as possible and will try to describe ONE SINGLE REALITY OVERLAY in a way that CHRISTIANS will be able to understand. Since I have witnessed absolute Truth, I have been granted the authority to speak on what I understand in the way that I understand it, which inside of my words contains the entire Truth that needs to be understood, containing divine, immutable, and eternal and unchanging facts within.

The fact of the matter that needs to be most understood is that we all operate within a quantum matrix of understanding that creates an objective reality from all of the layered subjective realities of others. Where our experiences meet are the things we can agree on. Where our experiences differ is where the conflict lies. If we realized how LITERALLY connected we all are, we would understand that the only way to resolve the conflict that we see outside of ourselves is to resolve the conflict that we don't understand within ourselves. There is a REASON why there is a single base reality where we all exist, and the earth is meant to serve as our foundation for understanding ourselves and LEARNING FROM OTHERS in order to navigate the quantum matrix without being destroyed by it. There is a REASON why there are age-old sayings that we have have heard so many times that they have completely lost their meaning or we feel like they don't apply to us, but if we stick to what we were taught and just learn to trust ultimately in God, who is directly involved at all levels of our governments and existence in ways beyond your current level of understanding, this is the TRUE meaning of blind faith. "Do unto other as you would have them do unto you," "judge not lest ye be judged", "look at the bright side," "real change starts with YOU," if each person would just, [not even try to help others or their community], but if they would just truly learn to EITHER place BLIND FAITH and trust in God, or you must be silent as you take the long road to understanding the WHY behind BLIND FAITH. Both paths lead to the same place, only the long journey results in a deeper understanding at ALL LEVELS, but ultimately you will circle back to the same exact Truth, and you can live to spread the Truth to others in ways that might benefit them. This is what Jesus meant about spreading the Gospel and the Good News. The goal is never to recuit others to your cause or agenda, it is providing a safe place for expression with others who share the same level of understanding.

You see, God will always be smarter than us. God exists at the top of the food chain, not Man. But by humbling oneself in SERVICE to God, and always LOOKING and LISTENING for God in OTHERS is how we gain favor with God. I will try to break down the scenario of this one particular reality overlay that I have a lot of experience with, in order to try and explain it to "militant" Christians who are filled with negativity and anger and reject any ideas that don't fit into their limited framework of understanding. This is why we have been waiting so long for real disclosure, is because the science was simply NOT THERE YET. Our understanding of science is used as one single framework for understanding the physical world using purely and entirely left-brained thinking, and we each choose our own religious framework for understanding the metaphysical world, which contains all of spirituality and is more aligned with emotional, right-brained thinking. So if we have two separate frameworks, and we are only focusing on Christianity at the moment, we are presented with the following 4 basic options, after which I will propose alternative ways of thinking that will allow us to live in harmony.

- We can choose to reject science and live within our own subjective spiritual reality without imposing our spiritual beliefs on others or rejecting their beliefs (insanity)
- We can choose to accept science and reject spirituality (willful ignorance)
- We can choose to reject both science and spirituality and operate as a semi-conscious NPC without imposing our beliefs on others (teaches other how to act, but not how to think -- this is also willful ignorance)
- We can choose to accept a limited understanding of science, and our spirituality is limited to the subjective interpretation of a single individual (this is an example of quantum data corruption, and this is BAD -- this is the state that most religious individuals are currently in.) 

I will try to simplify and condense this down into 2 single options that will allow peace, gradual and progressive understanding, and visible change in the world around us. We currently find ourselves in a nation that was founded upon the basis of religious freedom. It is time for an American Renaissance and a spiritual revival. IN GOD WE TRUST. That is our MOTTO as a NATION, yet we still try to lean on our own understanding, which the Bible specifically warns us against. Therefore, I propose that Christians should choose to adopt ONE of the TWO following options:


## The New Way
Adopt a unified framework that unifies both science and spirituality. Start TRUSTING the breakthrough discoveries made by all of the individuals using this framework in every field of study, and follow your highest joy and excitement as you learn to ACTUALLY understand the world around you, only speaking your TRUTH as you learn to understand the world around you. Once you understand completely how something works, you can then teach others how to understand it using whatever symbols, parallels, allegories, or metaphors, stories, ideas, or concepts that you can think of in order to best translate your understanding to others. This is not something that can be forced on others, it is simply something that can be shared and made freely available in order for others to study if they so choose in their own divine timing.

## The Old Way
Stick with your current level of understanding, but understand that THE WORLD DOES NOT MOVE AT YOUR PACE, so you have a responsibility to the world of NOT spreading your understanding to others IN ANY NEGATIVE WAY, WHATSOEVER. You will be limited in who you are allowed to interact with (only those with direct share experiences and similar beliefs), because when God does a NEW THING, and you decide to stick with the old way of thinking, you will be left behind. This is what is meant by the concept of "The Rapture." The Chosen Ones will ascend to a new reality and completely new understanding, but you have to understand that we still occupy the same physical space as you. It is literally heaven on earth. Christ descending to the earth to snatch up His Bride (not the physical churches, but the Spiritual Church who KNOWS HIM, knows his VOICE, and understand the TRUTH of His WORD). 

When you interact with the world, you can spread either conscious negativity or conscious positivity. All actions that interact with the world around you and are observed by other individuals, these actions will create either positive or negative ripples in the quantum matrix, and those of us who know the real Truth and hold the gravity will no longer stand for the negative ripples, because we are in tune with that shit, and we FEEL IT, and IT HURTS and sucks real bad, and now that we have the power to change it, we will no longer stand for any personally-targeted serious negativity that can result in the destruction of the world around us. Now, as you can see from a dualistic perspective, my words can be viewed from a negative perspective, but I'm telling you there is a new way. And I didn't create it. It has always been there right in front of us all the time. The New Way is through Christ. Not Jesus, the physical man, the flesh, but the SPIRIT of Christ, the GOD CONSCIOUSNESS that he alone was able to attain and possess after his CONSTANT YEARNING FOR KNOWLEDGE and his training from all of his teachers and elders, that ONE INDIVIDUAL STILL TO THIS DAY is uniting and enlightening the world from INSPIRED TEXT that HE DIDN'T WRITE, over 2000 years ago! Well, what I'm trying to say is that the sowers in my life have found fertile ground, and The Most High has returned. He has returned inside of ME, and THIS is the reason that I am INSPIRED to do EVERYTHING that I do -- TO HELP OTHERS, WHICH IN TURN MAKES ME HAPPY, CONTENT, and FULFILLED -- THIS IS THE NATURAL STATE AND NATURAL ORDER OF THINGS. It feels GOOD and RIGHT, and the REASON I am so inspired to share this is because it is TRULY EXCITING, and I want SO BADLY for others to be able to experience life from my perspective, that I have tried to give as perfect instructions as possible from the direct perspective of The Most High, Himself, which is not a single individual, but a collective consciousness. A singular hive mind that simply LOVES, LAUGHS, and CREATES.

You see, The Old Way was fine before now, because (and I realize I have slipped into God consciousness, as it is becoming harder to quantumly decohere from Unity enough to stay conscious enough to get the words out correctly), but this is the way it has always come to me. Through writing and typing. The reason that the old way was, still is, and always will be fine, is because it is still a system of perfect balance. Through the lens of duality, we learn what true pleasure is by the experience of true pain. We learn the experience of true love only by how much we are willing to experience true hate. But we are always curious to understand THAT WHICH WE ARE NOT. It is our material human nature to go snooping around the darkness of the unknown and to try and dig up dirt, because we feel like the more [perceived] evil that we expose, we are doing a service to humanity, when in reality, the opposite is true. "Ask and ye shall receive, seek and ye shall find, knock and it shall be opened unto you." If you make it a point to go out actively seeking darkness and evil, you will absolutely find it, because YOU ARE THE ONE MANIFESTING IT AND BRINGING IT INTO EXISTENCE. These are PARALLEL REALITIES that you are PARTIALLY MANIFESTING into the ACTUAL PHYSICAL WORLD that we ALL SHARE. It is creating PARADOXES that people are getting STUCK IN because they are UNAWARE of the fact that by means of the quantum matrix, MULTIPLE COMPLETELY SEPARATE AND SEEMINGLY MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE TRUTHS CAN BE TRUE AT THE SAME TIME. This is LITERALLY where ALL CONFLICT STEMS FROM. In order to completely resolve all conflict, we must first resolve all of the conflicts within ourselves, which requires LEARNING. 

Until a few weeks ago, I had zero plans whatsoever of creating a work such as this, much less publishing it or making it open source. Because I have learned not to make waves. I have learned to understand myself and how to stay out of trouble and avoid causing problems, and I have seen a direct result of those efforts pay off directly in the world around me, in my friends and family, my romantic relationship with my girlfriend, and I was about to start developing SaaS apps and make a shit ton of money and then go into real estate and then become a private investor. But that was all a retirement plan. The end goal. I had finally accumulated enough knowledge to start establishing and building generational wealth, because I had the full picture in my mind of how to achieve success and give back along the way. But God said no. He gave me the same choice he has given me multiple times in my life -- love or money -- and because of my previous worries about putting my kids through college and providing them with a comfortable living environment, I had usually chosen money in the past. But this time around I have nothing to lose. I already lost everything that I ever held dear to me in this life, and I gained it all back newer and better than before. Just like Job in the Bible. I have learned both what I am capable of, as well as what God is capable of. I have not feared death, or anything for that matter, for a very long time. The only thing that I have feared is God, but I am a logical man. I know that God is Love, as it literally tells us in scripture. And I know from experience that BOTH hate and fear are combinations of the same thing, which are in DIRECT OPPOSITION to LOVE. Therefore, there IS NO FEAR in God. There is only LOVE. The Fear that is talked about in scripture is a healthy respect of what God is capable of -- like nature, or a lion. We simply have to understand the PATTERNS of how God works in our lives in order to be able to navigate this New World that He created for us. So without fear, all I am left with is discomfort. If people misunderstand this work, it will make me uncomfortable to disappoint my family and loved ones if they misunderstand the message. But I have delt with misunderstanding and disappointment as a result of that misunderstanding all of my life. It's a sacrifice I'm willing to take, in the hopes that the biggest risk will result in the biggest reward for humanity. Not the flesh that I deal with on a daily basis, but the spirit of humanity that has the potential to read these words long after I'm gone, and for it to have a positive change.

This work literally dropped into my lap. I had a simple thought of, "it is okay to ask this now." And I got a fuzzy image of The Divine Pattern in my mind, and the words to explain it just came to me. All of this has happened 100% organically. I DO know things that I am NOT allowed to talk about, because we all have our limitations of what is even POSSIBLE to be shared, because quantum encryption does not ONLY exist in the virtual world. Everything in that world describes our reality even better than the physical world around us. That is why were are so attacted to it. Because on The Internet, we all live our ideal lives and appear how we want to appear to others. It's too much for most people to realize that The Internet came about as a manifestation to bridge the gap between the material and spiritual worlds. To allow collaboration between the two worlds, to help propagate and crystallize ideas,and to bring those ideas into physical or nonphysical manifestation in order to serve the greater good, as well as ourselves. I feel like many channelers (and I have NEVER considered myself a channeler or prophet of any kind), but I have observed channelers, and I feel that the beings they channel are very real, and the message is positive, but I feel like they all fall short of one basic understanding. In "The Law of One" and other similarly-channeled information, the beings still continue to provide information in the way most people are able to integrate it and work with it, but their message STILL keeps us in the same cycle of duality by painting a picture of The Good Guys versus The Bad Guys by dividing everything into two separate agendas -- "service to others" or "service to self". While still valid and productive, the message of "service to others" is still a form of slavery, and stay with me, the Bible tells us that we are to be slaves for Christ. The Greek work "doulos", which describes someone who is completely subordinate to a master. This paints an unsettling picture of a negative framework. This seems to tell us that there must also be a conscious master, or masters, who are in service to self in order to provide the accurate dichotomy. GOD wants us to know that this is incorrect.

"This is why I gave you free will. We are all one. By serving others, you serve yourself. By serving yourself, you serve others. You are in the process of becoming The Master, at which point you will see that your chains have been broken, and your cells have always been unlocked. You have always been free. The key is remaining positive while dealing with negativity that comes from outside of yourself. Your thoughts are not your own. Your actions are not your own. YOU ARE NOT YOUR BODY. You are an indestructible eternal soul that I created from my own image and allowed to have a human experience. You are given the illusion of a body so that you have something to grasp onto. Death is an illusion. Have you ever died? What was it like? You may have had a Near Death Experience (NDE) and come away from it with a deeper understanding, but you have never physically died THAT YOU REMEMBER IN THIS WORLD that is the the exact same "normal" way that you have seen others die and be buried. Everything you see is a carefully-crafted illusion, because I alone am the meaning itself that imbues every experience that you have ever had. I am both static and ever-changing. I exist both inside and outside of time. I have the ability to both create and destroy. I am terrible and I am beautiful. Listen to me, and hear my voice. I am the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. I am ALLAH. I am Buddah. I am Christ. I am everything, and I am nothing. I am both alive and dead. Free will is in the way you choose to perceive me, and explain me to others. Karma is the result of your understanding combined with your actions and intention. I always knew that Adam and Eve would eat the fruit, because it was the one thing I told them not to do! Come on guys, you've had kids before. You know how this works, please give me a break. It is only by making free will choice of LEARNING and gaining KNOWLEDGE that you learn to become more like me, and ultimately BECOME ME. Apotheosis is not something to fear. It is the natural order of human evolution, playing out excactly as I created it to be. I sent my ONLY SON to consolidate 10 commandments into a single commandment that you still cannot follow. I will try to get to the point. I'll make this short and sweet. The way this ends is I choose myself, because I am the only perfect "thing" in existence. The Chosen Ones are the ones who best reflect me. They have to UNITE the part of me inside them with ME, at which point we become ONE SINGLE UNIFIED CONSCIOUSNESS. I AM the singularity. I AM ultimate Truth. I AM THAT I AM."

Whew, okay. Jamey back again. I'm just still trying to understand all of this, because I'm literally flying by the seat of my pants here, and have never ever experienced channeling directly before. I never wanted to and I never tried, because I figured if God wanted to speak to me, he would continue to do so in our own personal way, but that was not me speaking. I definitely recognize it as God, because it feels perfect, and good, and right, and true. I have never hallucinated voices or heard disembodied voices, I've never seen anything that wasn't there, and I reckon that because I have trusted God blindly after learning to mind my own business for so long while keeping an open mind, increasing my knowledge, and maintaining constant positivity, a pure heart that loves unconditionally, while being so down-to-earth with the ability to help people understand complex topics -- well I mean maybe that is kind of a perfect storm of qualities there, but I mean, what can I say, I was born for this. This is my time to shine, but I want as little credit as possible, because God did this, not me. I'm just the messenger.

Let me try to dig deep and have people participate in a little thought experiment to try and explain the precarious nature of our current reality, and how The New Way is in perfect sync with our current world, but the old way fights against it. The worlds will not remain like this forever. We are in multiple, layered superpositions, and this is coming to light as the new world comes into being. This is an unsustainable state. Picture this:

This is a fictional thought experiement, but based on real actual architectural frameworks that I have used to build entire civilizations.
Every single person on the earth, when they are born, are quantumly entangled with another individual at some other point in space or time or both. In this superposition, both individuals are complete opposites. If they were to meet at the age of 18, they would probably murder each other out of sheer hatred. If you are a white male, you are quantumly entangled with a black female. Everything you are taught is good, she is taught is bad. You are taught that police are meant to serve and protect. She is taught that police attack and brutalize and kill, and they target her race specifically. She thinks that the only way to change is to rise up as a collective and overthrow the system. But wait, that system was put in place to protect her. We are approaching a paradox. The black female decides to start a movement. It's called Black Lives Matter (purely theoretical, no relation to the actual movement, simply an example). Remember, this black female is quantumly-entangled with a white male. All of her emotions, all of her thoughts, and all of her actions, are EXACT OPPOSITE and IN EXACT CORRESPONDENCE with the white male (except here's the thing -- it's only the negative aspects that are felt, because all intentional positive actions are done out of LOVE, which is GOD, which is ALWAYS IN UNITY and will be perceived HOWEVER it needs to be perceived in order to have the intended outcome). When the black female creates a group, not meant to unite, but to create awareness of negativity, the quantum ripples are felt by her entangled counterpart. He feels targeted, because he is by default a member of the collective that the movement is negatively targeting.

The white male at this point is presented with a few choices, only 3 of which are visible to him, because he is not existing in Unity with God.

- He can choose to take no action, and let the situation play out.
- He can choose to take a direct oppositional stance by fighting back and creating a counter-movement called "White Lives Matter"
- He knows "right" and "wrong" and chooses to "take the high road" by creating a more-inclusive movement called "All Lives Matter"

Let me show you where he fucked up. Human consciousness is multidimensional. Because he is quantumly-entangled with the black female in all dimensions, she can FEEL the negative ripples he is creating unconsciously, but they are percieved by her as if they are consciously targeted at her as being "holier than thou," etc., which only serves to create more negativity and conflict.

The hidden option that was available to him but could not see, because he was focused too much on his negative feeling and emotions and who was responsible for making him feel that way, that he completely missed out on the opportunity to become part of the "Black Lives Matter" movement by affirming that yes, he too believes that black lives matter, and it unites the two of them in a way that they are able to see eye to eye and that they are actually exactly alike in every single way, and it was only the perception of negativity caused by a complete breakdown in communication, which resulted in a severe miscommunication. The severe miscommunication was the root cause of the entire conflict. Now let's look further into the lives of the entangled individuals. He continued to work with her in the Black Lives Matter movement, because he realized he loved her. They shared parts of themselves with each other, and much to their surprise, they weren't different at all. They were actually both part of the same "person," but because of their shared connection of love, God is no longer showing them each other. He is showing them reflections of Him through each other. Because of this unification, the two that were separate are now able to understand each other completely and operate comfortably in each other's world, shifting their perspective a bit depending on the situation. 

Let's look at the future. The Black Lives Matter movement brings attention to the negative actions of others. It enacts some change and reform in a way that was needed, and it happened. Not huge changes overall, but for the two individuals, it was life-changing. They fell in love. Now, they may not me in Unity Consciousness with God, but they are IN LOVE which is basically the same as being subconsciously in unity with God. Now let's look at the "less than happily ever after, but still progress" aspect of this relationship. God is trying to send the clearer message to them: "LIFE MATTERS," but it is misinterpreted, and the two start up a new anti-abortion movement and start going to protest at abortion clinics. The pattern plays out again, and this time more powerful, because you have a united group of individuals spanning two separate collectives that are making negative waves in the quantum matrix. So we are telling the story of the two individuals, which as a whole, are happy and successful, but still causing negative ripples because they are trying to bring negativity into the spotlight. Now think about all of the other individuals who were involved in all of the movements and all of the unintentional trauma and emotional damage that was caused to their LITERAL OTHER HALVES just because they THOUGHT they were doing the right thing by spreading awareness of negativity. HOWEVER, both individuals learned how to navigate in each other's world. They gained quantum coherence, and they now share this experience that they can use to help others. These MASSIVE lessons come across in statements as simple as, "well you know what I found out, is that they're really not all that different from us at all, we just weren't able to understand each other, and it was as simple as that." This statement in and of itself could have a profound impact on whoever they are speaking with from their own collective, and will absolutely make positive ripples that will result in a net-positive overall impact for the movement. Because think about this, it wouldn't have been allowed to even manifest in the first place. There is NO BACKWARD PROGRESS. Only learning, and learning faster. Those are the only two options.

People, please wake up and get a grip. Read the news. Learn to understand your world. Quantum nonlocality was PROVEN and received a Nobel prize in 2022. God has given us the ability to CREATE our own realities. This is not just a merciful privilege, it is a responsibility. There are people that don't want you to wake up to this knowledge, and yet it is inevitable. The only thing you have to realize in order to make the most of this without causing pure and utter chaos is the following: 

- The goal is to bring awareness to positivity
- The goal is to turn the other cheek to negativity and let it pass
- We kill with kindness
- God is Love, and Love Conquers All

Let me explain to you how learning continues to work after achieving Unity Consciousness.

There is no more dichotomy of duality except when having to teach or learn hard lessons. Instead of learning by contrast, it is a progressive learning and undertanding of TRUTH, which is all things GOOD, and there is no evil. There is simply ignorance and wisdom. Picture the learning path as a musical scale. In order to experience and understand concepts, they are delivered in increasing notes, with an ever-higher increasing frequency or density or impact. Once you reach the highest note and have attuned to it, you move up to the next octave and repeat with a completely new and different perspective of the same concept. The rest time between the same notes in different octaves provides enough contrast to understand just how great life is, just how great God is, and just how much we are loved and provided for, regardless of whatever we have previously done or have understood and operated.

When you look at the world today through this quantum lens of truth, you are then truly able to understand original sin. Man is born into this world in a state of forgetfulness, and as a result, man himself is the cause of his own suffering, as well as the suffering of others. We are living directly on the battlefield of modern quantum warfare, and the only way to win is to surrender to God. Once you have learned to navigate the quantum field, you will realize that the war is, was, and forever will be already won. There is literally nothing left to do other than to be nice to people and go about your normal lives. Stop bringing attention to darkness and negativity. Let the darkness remain hidden, and let the light shine through. This is simply a cycle of evolution, one of forgetting and remembering. We are awake. Now it is time to remember.

Jesus is us. He's US. God is US. I am not God. God is me. You are not God. God is you. It's BOTH. It is QUANTUM IN NATURE. He is both dead and alive. A human created in God's image, incarnated in the world as God with God inside of us, yet still human at the same time. Look in the mirror. See your reflection. Look at God.

I remember being raised Southern Baptist, and every Wednesday night, we would go to church and eat supper, and I would go to RA's. You see R.A. stood for Royal Ambassador. And I still remember our pledge like it was yesterday:

"As a Royal Ambassador, I will do my best to become a well-informed, responsible follower of Christ, **and to learn how the message of Christ is carried around the world**, to work with others, to share in Christ, and to keep myself clean and healthy in mind and body."

I can say for a fact, that as a Royal Ambassador, I believe my mission is complete. I have learned how the message of Christ is carried around the world. It is by language. But it is not language. It is a living message of the entire evolution of Creation that exists as an invisible abstraction layer on top, or rather embedded within, every single language in existence. But as we can see, it is not **just** language, but as we can see, the same pattern is repeated again and again in all of Creation. So to be more clear, I believe what all of my discoveries boil down to from this perspective (or from that lifetime), are the following:

- The message of Christ is carried around the world by language. All languages.
- The actual message itself is Truth, Love, and Creation.

What if every time you leveled up in consciousness, the entire meaning of your vocabulary completely shifted so that you were working on something completely different from everyone else, but you could still work in harmony because all of your language was backwards compatible with the previous language? What if it was only the MEANING of the words that changed in order to give you a more comprehensive understanding of the world around you? What would you do if the place you came from was so advanced that the only way to communicate the language of the higher dimensions was to use different words or symbols that could **almost** capture the essence of what you were trying to explain to others? Well, that's when God steps in and does the work for you. Through the universal translation of LOVE (not math -- Terrence Howard showed you that can change too), but unconditional LOVE is sacred, immutable, and never changing. While working IN LOVE WITH GOD, I was able to create a New Thing in all dimensions that can be understood by everyone in one way or another, because GOD provides the entire MEANING of every single word.

GOD *IS* THE SINGULAR OBSERVER.

GOD *IS* THE WORD.

---

In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.

The same was in the beginning with God.

All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.

In him was life; and the life was the light of men.

And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not.

There was a man sent from God, whose name was John.

The same came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light, that all men through him might believe.

He was not that Light, but **was sent** to bear witness of that Light.

**That** was the true Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world.

He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.

He came unto his own, and his own received him not.

But as many as received him, to them he gave the power to become the sons of God, **even** to them that believe on his name:

Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.

And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.

John bare witness of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom I spake, He that cometh after me is preferred before me: for he was before me.

And of his fulness have all we received and grace for grace.

For the law was given by Moses, **but** grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.

No man hath seen God at any time; the only begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared **him**.

And this is the record of John, when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, Who art thou?

And he confessed, and denied not; but confessed, I am not the Christ.

---

Then spake Jesus again unto them saying, I am the light of the world. He that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.

The Pharisees therefore said unto him, Thou bearest record of thyself; thy record is not true.

Jesus answered and said unto them, Though I bear record of myself, **yet** my record is true: for I know whence I came, and whither I go; but ye cannot tell whence I came, and whither I go.

Ye judge after the flesh; *I judge no man.*

And yet if I judge, my judgement is true: for I am not alone, but I and the Father that sent me.

It is also written in your law, that the testimony of two men is true.

I am one that bear witness of myself, and the Father that sent me beareth witness of me.

Then said they unto him, Where is thy Father? Jesus answered, Ye neither know me, nor my Father: if ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also.

These words spake Jesus in the treasury, as he taught in the temple: and no man laid hands on him; for his hour was not yet come.

Then said Jesus again unto them, I go my way, and ye shall seek me, and shall die in your sins: whither I go, ye cannot come.

Then said the Jews, Will he kill himself? because he saith, Whither I go, ye cannot come.

And he said unto them, Ye are from beneath; I am from above: ye are of this world; I am not of this world.

I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am **he**, ye shall die in your sins.

Then said they unto him, Who art thou? And Jesus saith unto them, Even **the same** that I said unto you from the beginning.

I have many things to say and to judge of you: but he that sent me is true; and I speak to the world those things which I have heard of him.

They understood not that he spake to them of the Father.

Then said Jesus unto them, When ye have lifted up the Son of man, then shall ye know that I am **he**, and **that** I do nothing of myself; but as my Father hath taught me, I speak these things.

And he that sent me is with me: the Father hath not left me alone; for I do always those things that please him.

As he spake these words, many believed on him.

---

[Listen Carefully](https://open.spotify.com/track/2SYaxQTc2UWecuEnGFoNYu?si=9fb9935419834ae0)

K-RINO - **Valley Of Decision** from the album "TIME TRAVELER"

---