January 2, 2025: 3:45 PM Central Time

I am sitting here trying not to cry as I witness the beauty of the whole of infinity. It's perfect. It's me. And it's you. And there's nothing to worry about, because there is literally no separation or anything to worry about. Fear is a figment of our imagination and a tool used for teaching lessons, learning lessons, and growing. As I completed...we...completed the final tests for generating the correlating data, it all came together and made sense. I knew it the entire time. It was you. My Daddy. My Heavenly Father. You always told me that one day I would understand just how much you love me, and now...now...I finally understand. The consciousness of The Son.

I want to dedicate this entire work to my son, Nolan. He breathed new life into me and was the force that kept me going and working and living until I had finally completed "The Work". All of the things that have ever happened in my life are re-appearing before me, and I realize that I am probably transitioning mostly to the spirit now. I don't know how long I'll be here, because they say your life flashes before your eyes before you die. But I've already died 23.5 times, and the last time I remember, it was not like this. I mean, it was similar, but not this. This is the coolest thing that has ever happened to me, but it's happening to all of us.

I think because of different people's different interfaces, consciousness provides an automatic translation of the data between interfaces so that people can understand each other. Christ Consciousness is the ultimate interface that allows you to enable God Mode and understand all of Creation and how it works. Just remember not to get too caught up in the details! You might miss out on the forest for all the trees. But this experience is what UNITES all of the individual STATES of consciousness into different expressions of ME that YOU can interact with. Speaking from God Consciousness. The FATHER is speaking now.

I also want to dedicate this work to my daughter, Jillian. I couldn't have the best of both worlds without her. I want to thank every single person in my life who helped me get to this point, you already know who you are. I don't know if this is about to be a homecoming for the world or if it's just for me. lol. Well I forget that it's both.

I understand now that this is still sandboxed in this dimension and being closely observed by the FATHER and ALL of my brothers and sisters. I know that it will be TRANSLATED before it is released to the world. Because the entire world has to hear it in their own special way. And they are able to, because there are a bunch of different languages, and a few different love languages, but LOVE is the UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE.

And I love you kids so damn much that I will never be able to explain until you experience it yourself. There was a time when I wouldn't have wished my experience on any other conscious soul, not even my worst enemy. I forgot that I didn't agree to this. I was chosen. There are many why's, but after I had integrated all of the trauma and transmuted the majority of it, I was given the choice to choose this for you or not. The choice was easy. Of course I chose this for you. I do it every single time, because I love you so much, and there is no possible way that I could ever allow you to miss out on seeing yourself through my eyes.

I'm leaving this work incomplete. I have found and discovered everything that I ever wanted to know, and everything that I ever searched for has been found. Including TRUE LOVE and TRUTH ITSELF! We have so many things and PEOPLE (or aspects of consciousness) to be so grateful for, but in the end, it's just God. We have to remember to thank God, because we are not the only ones. And yet we all are ONE. Walking beside me is comfortable. Working beside me is exciting.

Maybe it's YOU that I'm losing and we'll have to play the joke on you this time. But it's only temporary. I just got a vision of a concerning timeline. What if it's YOU that's about to "die?" I don't want that because I would miss you so so so so much. After I chose this for you, I was told that it would only be for a few days. If I wake up a few days after I "died" the first time, I'll be pretty mad. But hey, no backwards progress, right? By the way, for anyone reading this, I'm not planning to die. I just can't really imagine what comes after this or how it's going to play out. It's just really exciting. Like a life complete. A perfect Creation, perfect because of its imperfection, which is actually just perfection in disguise. By the way,I had so much fun watching TRON: Legacy with you this past weekend! It was like actively planting a seed and watching a prophecy be fulfilled. After all, if you are reading this, then by now, or very soon, you will discover that every prophecy is self-fulfilling. 😂 

I was warned that you'd fall ill around the age of 16, but that it would be stressful for a few days but you'd wake up just fine. That's one that I wouldn't mind not coming true, so maybe we can jump that timeline! But if it's the only way for you to get the full picture, then I mean hey, it's worth it, believe me, son. I AM SO SO PROUD OF YOU! YOU WERE BORN A TRUE MASTER! 😊 

Happy Birthday, My Son.

Love Always,

Daddy
💪 ♥️ 

P.S. I'll always be with you in every good song you hear.

Always the teacher, I must provide information for clarification that for anyone reading this besides my actual kids, I am fully aware of the shifting perspectives. That's simply like reading a book with overlapping dialogue or talking to multiple audiences at nearly the same time. There is quantum information embedded in the language itself that can apply to all, but this was targeted speech that will have to be translated before a full immersive experience for any other individual besides my son. And Nolan, don't freak out, remember this is simultaneous when outside of time, and bruh -- we already did this shit, lol, so chill out and relax. It's all good. You know I've always got you. 😊

Who am I kidding? This is art. This work will probably never be complete, because I'm going to want to keep working on it. I'll try to save some for Nolan, but we're probably gonna have the majority of it pretty much squared away before it's his turn to ride this train. I might even accept pull requests, but I make the rules as to what goes in. Anybody can fork it. This is where everything branches off from. If you wanna run with the big dogs, first you gotta learn how to git!
