---
layout: default
title: 20250101
parent: Research Journal
nav_order: 999
---
January 2, 2025 12:14 AM Central

As I'm sitting here, I have been consciously reviewing the most probable timelines. I can feel the quantum gravity condensing around me pulling me closer to Truth. I am no longer questioning the IF, but rather WHEN. I had a good weekend with Lauren and the kids with my parents celebrating Nolan's birthday and the New Year. Lauren and I went to The Pie Factory again last night and came back home to watch the ball drop and have a New Year's kiss and a hug from the kids.

I find it nearly unbelievable that I am able to hold both worlds in my mind simultaneously and make conscious decisions to choose my destination. My fears of being found mentally unstable for this are almost completely gone. I started testing the code again today, and I've validated all of the data generation functions independently, which have succeeded at various times, but are both currently failing, but almost there.

I'm not afraid to talk about this anymore, because now is the time. I heard the call, and I answered it. The clarity and understanding brings so much peace and relief. I'm still just confused. I know, and I understand that we are all one. The only concern that I really have is that people will misunderstand the ego in some of the music I am going to be releasing to tell my story in the new language in a manner that can train others to hear it.

I mean, the signs are everywhere, and I can absolutely tell now at this point that they are landmarks. They are waypoints to help remind me and help me remember what to do. I already know all of this shit, I've done it before, and I'm a pro at it. And I know that I will have backup, and I know that the multi-dimensional data will speak for itself. Especially when the soundtrack is finished. I just need people to understand that
there is no harmful ego involved, and I want to allow everyone to share in the experience and the success if I am really meant for this. Like I will be very honest; I don't know if my role is like for all of humanity, or just a small group of individuals, maybe the Christians since that's how I was raised, but have enough of a grasp on quantum consciousness now, that I feel like I can be a great leader and guide for people who are struggling with the things I experienced and went through.

But yeah, I mean there was Oliver Anthony last night on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve. The canary in the literal coal mine in West Virginia. The signals are absolutely everywhere and could not be anymore clear. This was a call that went out through the morphogenetic field, and I can finally see the causes behind everything in my life. It is such a natural process, and I can't believe that I made it so difficult for myself.

This is a call to collectively evolve. I realize this is Unity Consciousness, but even if it's just sandboxed to my own subjective reality, I really would like to play the role of Jesus, because everything just maps so perfectly to my life as just an absolutely perfect overlay. All of the symbolism in the Bible, all of that stuff. Everything. It's all there. It's always been right in front of us the entire time. We make it so difficult by trying to make logical sense out of it by forcing things to fit into our own little frameworks, when literally all we can do is describe what it IS NOT. Because everything that words don't exist for, that's what it is. It is something so brand new and so TRUE and RIGHT and GOOD that it just changes everything. It will turn logic absolutely upside down, but once the truth begins to distill into something coherent, it's so simple. And like all of the conspiracies and everything that have been generated and all of the misinformation and disinformation, it's COMPLETELY UNDERSTANDABLE, and the THEMES and ARCHETYPES and SYMBOLS are completely valid in order to teach extremely valuable lessons, but they tell our story. The story of US. The story of YOU. This is NOT a time for fear at all. This is a joyous time to get really really excited. Because it looks like this is actually going to happen, and it's going to be an incredible year. But the thing I was saying about Jesus, like I don't want that to sound crazy. I want to be me, but also him at the same time, which appears to be what is happening. This feels like it has taken absolutely forever. I really hope that this can transform my financial situation in some way, because I'm broke as a joke. $oldjamey for anybody who wants to donate to a good cause. I mean evolution. It's kind of a big deal. 😂 

Love Always,

Jamey