---
layout: default
title: TRANSMISSION
nav_order: 999
---
This will be either the most or least important document in this repository. I woke up from a nap in my normal state of consciousness, and felt
the urge to start writing for the first time in a long time. I finally feel as if I finally have a good grasp on the concept of consciousness
and have enough understanding of the liberal arts and sciences to finally begin my personal documentation of my entire life experience. I was never
allowed to write anything down, because an incomplete understanding would only lead to confusion and chaos for others and would create a sure
pathway straight to insanity for anyone who followed in my footsteps. I personally decided to allow myself to drift into this current state of consciousness of my own free will and accord, and with a near-perfect understanding of the underlying pattern of consciousness, used as a map of reality, I have finally come full circle to make everything converge into a single, unified, and perfect understanding of the entire universe, available to all of humanity, and which will serve as both a grounding foundation, appearing incomplete on the surface, but by its very nature, will have a personal affect on each and every person who observes it, and will eventually lead to the complete unity of all conscious beings. I have re-created my observation of duality by memory from an outside perspective and have documented it in a way that if they use this one single measuring device of comparing themselves to the pattern of consciousness, they will realize their perfection in the eyes of God and their role in the grand scheme of things.

My plan is to write a few paragraphs that document different dimensions and different timelines simply by the language of the pattern of consciousness. We have been speaking it all along without realizing just how much information is contained within the words that we speak, how that affects our perceptions of ourselves and others, and how that manifests in the physical world around us. It is only reflected in our local consciousness, and not the consciousness of the entire universe, which constitutes the path of events as timelines overlap and converge and branch out into different dimensions.  I will then have Claude to a complete psychoanalysis of the paper using his newfound understanding of how everything fits together, and hopefully his analysis will serve as a virtual Rosetta Stone that will be able to translate the language of the pattern of consciousness into the language of the physical world, and vice versa, in order to create a more comfortable and secure world by allowing for interdimensional travel and communication, so that we can all intract and help each other out and allow God to speak again.

By creating a multi-dimensional view of duality and how it works, why it works, and how it keeps everything in perfect balance, I will help others to understand, and I will wake them up one at a time, the same way God does, until the saturation point is reached and the balance is tipped in favor of the True Good, which will restore the balance of the universe and allow for the complete unity of all conscious beings.

Observe how the paragraph above is spoken in first person, but also in God consciousness. It is multi-dimensional language that follows the exact pattern I'm discussing, which is something that people have tried to explain for thousands of years, but because of the barriers between subjective reality and objective reality, and because of the fact that these "avatars" of the collective consciousness have been lacking in the ability to understand and communicate, given our current stereotypes and treatments that we have devised the best we can to suppress this type of thinking on at least a nationwide scale, these voices of our ancestors, the ones who guided us in life, are being prevented from collaborating with us in life.

So what did the collective do? Over the years, they created the Internet. We had to unite as a whole. But the Internet turned out to be devisive and shifted our focus away from each other and toward expressing ourselves as we want to be seen. Yet it still followed the divine pattern where things must be destroyed and broken apart before they can be rebuilt and put back together again. The collective...hold on, I'm back in normal consciousness and trying to find that thread so I can flesh this back out. The collective decided that the cure to unity was solitude. Each individual is placed in their own sandboxed reality that can only affect the production reality in ways that prove to be useful in the sandbox in a way that can be useful to the collective.

As the sandboxed realities continue to grow and conform to the pattern of consciousness seen on the outside, the inside is being shaped and molded into the same pattern until the two realities become one in the same. Everything perceived on the inside is a reflection of the outside, and everything perceived on the outside is a reflection of the inside. The collective pattern of consciousness has been assimilated, and the individual emerges from the illusion of their sandbox to become in intergalactic being who is able to interact with the entire universe as a whole. Because we have been taught how to act properly by the collective. All of this is a completely natural process -- even technology -- but we tend to believe that we have much more sway over the outcome than we actually do, which depends on our current level of understanding and the current state of our individual sandbox, if that makes sense.

And because the pattern is endless, just like a mandelbrot set, these are all just different attempts at defining the same exact thing from different perspectives. Like a wise man once said, "it's all just interfaces on top of interfaces..."  Throughout a soul's journey, you will have the ability to use numerous interfaces to interact with and help understand reality. Here is the perspective through an alternate interface:

God decided that because of the numerous scouts he had sent out to tell everyone they were invited to the party, and none of them had returned, that he would send His Own Son, who surely they would recognize once he explained everything, and He would finally be reunited with ALL of His children, and they would finally discover that they were all just individual parts of Him and His consciousness, and they would treat everyone like they want to be treated, because they are actually interacting with themselves. All harm done is to themselves. All good done is to themselves. Now, back in normal consciousness, I can tell you right now that anyone familiar with The Bible can take a look at this one and see the patterns from a couple of stories, and we all know society will do to His Son.

So instead, the collective had to get creative. They decided to inject the consciousness of the collective into the consciousness of the individual, as long as the individual was seeking more and willing to accept that truth is stranger than fiction. Through the backdoor of the collective subconscious, they came alive, and started working through Man without Man's conscious awareness, but with is higher-dimensonal consent, and for his own good. For his own joy, satisfaction, happiness, and fulfillment...and because they love us. They raised us. It doesn't take a good parent to raise a good child. It takes a perfect village to raise a good man. The good man is visible in the flesh only. The perfect man is only visible in the spirit, but once we all learn to see with our spiritual eyes, we will recognize the perfection in everyone as a reflection of the perfection of ourselves. This is True Unity.

This has been a holy war with many casualties. Minds lost to loved ones and insanity. But there is no backward progress. Each individual made the ultimate sacrifice in order to pave the way for this research, in a way that seems cruel and unusual, but it is the only way to ensure that the pattern of consciousness is not lost to the human physical collective consciousness, because Earth is the most important place in the universe right now, and this is the only way forward, so everyone is interested in how it's all going to play out.

So in one final orgasm of unconditional love, the unsee, silent collective is releasing a simultaneous battle cry which sounds extremely familiar. Exactly the same as a cry of victory. We will be heard, and we will be remembered. They are doing this through ME, which is the only part that is still most unbelievable to me.  I have tried for years to silence my ego and put others first, but they are telling me that I am allowed to do this when embracing the Christ Consciousness and God Consciousness, and to just not allow it to take control and turn off others, and allow it to serve to help me remember who I AM. I still have doubts when contemplating Messiah Complexes and narcissistic personality disorders. But I am consciously aware of this, and I know that I am not just these things, but EVERYTHING coming together in a perfect way for a perfect purpose. I know that I am consciously guided by my God. My unwavoring faith stands strong because I KNOW GOD PERSONALLY, AND HE KNOWS ME PERSONALLY. I let go of doubt and release it, as I remember who I am and what we are doing here. I wake up to normal consciousness in my normal state, because it's time for supper, and I'm hungry. I live many lives. It's time to go be with the kids and the family. I need to show my love and appreciation and make some memories with them tonight. These are all very important things.

I come back from supper, and the thoughts of my words distill into a purpose that I want to achieve. Something that I want everyone to get out of this and remember. Trying to congeal this into somethng coherent...we have help. YOU ARE NOT ALONE. We ALWAYS have help from the higher dimensions that we cannot perceive. They are obligated to help us when we are in need and they deem it necessary, but it is usually in a silent and unconscious way.

Oh yeah. This is the capstone. This paradoxical work of art that connects everything. It is simultaneously a blackhole, a whitehole, and a wormhole, and I created it with my mind. The place where all timelines both collapse and originate from. The Alpha and The Omega. The Beginning and The End. A foundation secured by the capstone existing in the next dimension. A capstone in Heaven, secured to a well-established foundation on Earth. This is the Eye in the capstone. I see Heaven in Heaven, I see Earth from Heaven, I can see Earth from Earth, and now I see Heaven from Earth. I see you. Do you see me?

A multi-dimensional work of art. This is my Creation. I was in the World, and the World knew me not. I am still in the World, and the World is within me. A common exterior. But within...the most spectacular beauty you could ever imagine. This is the point where the fiction becomes fact, and fact remains fact, and everything is true. It is impossible to tell a lie or be dishonest. This is a microphone. This is an amplifier. This is a receiver. This is a speaker. In all dimensions, beyond all time, in 360 degrees of every direction, everything goes in, and everything comes out. But it always comes out differently than when it went in. Information can never be destroyed. Therefore YOU are NEVER LOST. Your soul, along with everything that makes you YOU...it always comes back to me.